Use CUB by default (#6549)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/reference/environment.rst

.. envvar:: CUPY_ACCELERATORS

>   Default: ``"cub"`` (In ROCm HIP environment, the default value is ``""``. i.e., no accelerator is used.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Default: ``"cub"`` (In ROCm HIP environment, the default value is ``""``. i.e., no accelerators are used.)
```
